---
toc: true
layout: post
description: "A post describing some the ideas I have to make sure that my coding team is working together and producing quality code."
categories: [markdown, week-17]
title: "Teamwork Ideas"
---

## Creativity-Ideas for the Project and its Functions:

# Function Ideas

Before I get into my personal ideas, we do have a few ideas already worked out for the website. We've named it SwagCraft and it essentially will serve as a way to display Minecraft, video game, and generally other crafting related information. 

As for my ideas personally, I'm planning to add a feature that shows the items dropped by killing different entities in Minecraft and categorizing them. I'm planning on linking this system to something that Aiden is working on where he is listing how to craft different items with other items. By making links in his tables on crafting to my tables on item drops I could show a user what entities they need to find to craft the items they need in the game.

We could also implement a search feature where each item or entity can be searched by its name as well as a listed category.

# Ideas for Teamwork

One very important thing to minimize problems when coding in our team will be to communicate all changes to the group repository to the other group members. We will do this using Slack. We will also make sure that the changes we make are small and incremental in order to avoid confusion from unknown bugs.

As for code development strategies, I think we will try to stick to the Agile methodology and work with coding sprints to ensure that we have focused goals for what to do in each session. Additionally, we will use a seperate notebook to test all of the functions we put on our website to make sure we are able to efficiently debug and ensure everything is working before we add it to the actual website.

# Roles

Here is the current setup for our team roles:
* Jeff DevOps
* Aiden Scrummaster
* Luke Frontend
* Jagger Frontend
* James Backend
